[S4SDK] Update Tutorials 2 & 3 for Java Cloud SDK on Cloud Foundry (#6405)
SAPDocuments/Tutorials: tutorials/s4sdk-caching/s4sdk-caching.md

- Your cache will not need to store more data than what would fit in RAM. (By default, the cache is local to a single run of your application. It does not store data in files, or on outside servers.)

> If these requirements apply to your use case, then we highly recommend that you use the caching features provided by the SAP Cloud SDK in your application. Now that you have seen why caching is useful, you will learn what the Cloud SDK provides to an application in that regard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If these requirements apply to your use case, then we highly recommend that you use the caching features provided by the SAP Cloud SDK in your application. Now that you have seen why caching is useful, you will learn what the Cloud SDK provides to enable it.
```

The Cloud SDK makes it easy to cache your requests since it handles most of the complexity under the hood. This includes handling of tenant-aware requests, which is essential in a multi-tenant application. The SDK will isolate the cache on a tenant or principal level automatically, if your request requires it.

> In SAP Cloud SDK, `JCache` (`JSR 107`) is used as underlying caching technology. In this tutorial you will use the `JCache` adapter [Caffeine] (https://github.com/ben-manes/caffeine) for this purpose, but you can use any implementation you like. For Caffeine, add the following dependency to your application `pom.xml`:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SAP Cloud SDK, `JCache` (`JSR 107`) is used as underlying caching technology. In this tutorial, you will use the `JCache` adapter [Caffeine] (https://github.com/ben-manes/caffeine) for this purpose, but you can use any implementation you like. For Caffeine, add the following dependency to your application `pom.xml`:

```

myResilienceConfig.cacheConfiguration(cacheConfig);                         
```

As mentioned above, the `ResilienceConfiguration` is used to integrate the caching functionality, which is described in a `CacheConfiguration`. There are two steps to your configuration:

1. Determine how long objects are to be cached
2. Declare the parameters that need to be stored together with the cached data

> The first step is obviously necessary, since data should be stored for a limited time only. The longer you keep the cached information, the more outdated it will become. How long you want to keep data cached depends on your specific use case. How fast do you expect the information to be outdated? How frequently will the data be accessed? The timeout sets a trade-off between the data being up to date and the application being responsive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is obviously necessary since data should be stored for a limited time only. The longer you keep the cached information, the more outdated it will become. How long you want to keep data cached depends on your specific use case. How fast do you expect the information to be outdated? How frequently will the data be accessed? The timeout sets a trade-off between the data is up to date and the application is responsive.
```

> Secondly, you specify the parameters that are to be cached with the data. For your request to retrieve a list of business partners no parameters are necessary, so you can build your cache `wihtoutParameters`. But imagine you want to fetch information about a specific business partner by passing an ID to the system. In order to cache such a request the cache needs to not only remember the result received, but also the ID that was associated with it. In such a case one can simply pass such parameters by using `.withParameters(param1, param2, ..)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secondly, you specify the parameters that are to be cached with the data. For your request to retrieve a list of business partners no parameters are necessary, so you can build your cache `wihtoutParameters`. But imagine you want to fetch information about a specific business partner by passing an ID to the system. In order to cache such a request, the cache needs to not only remember the result received, but also the ID that was associated with it. In such a case one can simply pass such parameters by using `.withParameters(param1, param2, ..)`.
```

}
```

> Executed on it's own, this test will still pass as it did before. However, if `testService` is run prior to this test the result will be cached and `testWithFallback` will fail since the cached data is returned instead of falling back to an empty list. By changing the test you avoided such issues since your new test does not interfere with other tests. While being sufficient for this tutorial, in a productive setting one should implement a more sophisticated and robust test setup, where caches are invalidated between tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executed on its own, this test will still pass as it did before. However, if `testService` is run prior to this test the result will be cached and `testWithFallback` will fail since the cached data is returned instead of falling back to an empty list. By changing the test you avoided such issues since your new test does not interfere with other tests. While being sufficient for this tutorial, in a productive setting one should implement a more sophisticated and robust test setup, where caches are invalidated between tests.
```
